# computing-work-
I am 12 years old 
I am shorter than almost everyone in this class lmao
I like to eat from the noodle store like sasha :)
matching profile pics with chiarawl hehe
:) --> i like to use this 
OK now a letter:
Dear _______
 How are you? I hope you are good :) Anyways let me get to the point.
 I attend Dunman High School and have many good friends like sasha and chiara :), everyday sasha will buy her recess from the noodle store while Chiara buys food that looks disgusting :(. (Especially her squid legs with milk). I am extremely short, only 146cm :o. :o is what chiara loves to use. 
 I am absolutely captivated by this anime called shokugeki no soma :o
 If you check me and Chiara's profile pics they are the same :) 
 Thx for your attention ig 
 Yours truly,
 the glorioua Chloe P.S. I also have friends called jamie and cherilyn :)
I like shokugeki no soma because:
- It is about food, my favourite thing to eat is food!!!!!
- The boys and girls are so pretty!!!!!!

This is my story:
One day, she was a girl.
She met a witch while eating that day, the witch served her peanut butter squid legs. 
It was so bad that she fainted while eating it. The witch took the oppourtunity and snatched her up, flying her to the castle where she was going to poison her.
Her name was 小明, whenever she failed a test, she worked hard and miraculously got full marks.
The witch had a daughter who was jealous of 小明， her name was 小文. Obviously, 小明 got more recognition then 小文 as he was more popular among students. 
Kidnapping her was a great option, wasn't it?
NO. 小明 discovered the power of friendship with 小文, because turns out they were sisters!!!!!!!
They escaped the witch's tower with the power of friendship and became best friends. 
Because that is always how compos end, isn't it?
WRONG.
小明‘s father died from the witch and she blamed 小文 for it, they both sued each other and went for the Dunman High moot parlimant elective where a teacher taught them how to 
settle their disputes.
Both of them grew up to be sucessful parliament parties leaders, 小明 took over PAP whilist 小文 created workers' party. However, during those 20 years when they were fighting, they forgot about one tiny, wait no, HUGE detail. The WITCH!!!
Her name was 小红 and she was jealous of 小明 and 小文's growing popularity. She went ahead and took over the Singapore's democratic party :O. Unfortunately, her plans failed thanks to 小明 and 小文 awesome debating skills from the teacher. 
Morale of the story, teachers can help you save your country and defeat your enemies. 
THANK YOU TEACHERSS!!!!!1
